bpo-43283: Add IDLE doc paragraph about print speed (#24615)
python/cpython: Doc/library/idle.rst

The original values stored in ``sys.__stdin__``, ``sys.__stdout__``, and
``sys.__stderr__`` are not touched, but may be ``None``.

Sending print output from one process to a text widget in another is
slower than printing to a system terminal in the same process.
This has the most effect when printing multiple arguments, as the string
for each argument, each separator, the newline are sent separately.
For development, this is usually not a problem, but if one wants to
print faster in IDLE, format and join together everything one wants
displayed together and then print a single string.  Both format strings

> and ``separator.join`` can help combine fields and lines.

Reviewer: I think it's unclear what `separator` is here.
```suggestion
and :meth:`str.join` can help combine fields and lines.
```

Author: Ageed.  That should make a clickable link.  I am going to assume that you think the rest is acceptable.
